[Music]
when I went here something like running
same time and it was just you know it
was hard because suggested from high
school to college you know that's a big
adjustment so I benches just you know I
had to buy into the programming judge
basically just remain focused and remain
hunger throughout everything because I
knew for a fact when I first got there
they weren't gonna give you nothing so
you know I was highly recruiting in high
school so I thought you know maybe I
won't go in get me a spot there thing's
gonna be cool but I had to go in and
work hard every day his heart his heart
playing on the collator who be on you
all the time and just making sure you
doing everything right so I mean like
when the feet the first starter I wanna
start on those special teams when
contributing in no way but you know I
was just practicing hard skills and
remaining humble throughout everything
and I got me a chance against West
Kentucky in you know I got in that foot
back and made a good block and after
that game that's when I was on special
teams and stuff like that and then it
was taken in gang well I just was
talking in the room and I was asking
like how you made those players get into
anymore everything he was like bro just
run down just run down field full-speed
avoid but side and she's making playful
when I got my opportunity I ran down
full speed and just collided with speedy
noil so then that's that's how I
basically got my name around the country
and ever since that day United State
stayed humble throughout everything is
that mega-sized state level head and
keyword
[Music]
I just basically I know for a fact
everything I do I got little kids
looking up to me even guys older than me
looking up to me and I just know I have
to have to walk around with you know
just part of the things in my mind not
doing anything stupid because who knows
I may be someone someone watching me and
they see me doing something like not on
if you like this guy whatever so I just
try to make sure that I stay smooth stay
positive and everything I do and just
basically give back as much as possible
because you know that plays a big role
because when I was little older guys to
get back to me
man how's they help they help people out
tremendously because when I one thing
they all about is he is he trying to do
the right thing and she was trying to
basically just doing positive things so
they're gonna help you English possibly
get started like round my eighth-grade
year when uh when I got introduced to my
house back when they used to have the
building over there off the boulevard
behind one of those little wait places
or whatever used to wake up 5:00 in the
morning and get it in because you know
like like they was telling me it was
like it's we're all gonna start because
back then I had no office I was just a
typical football player so I just knew
for a fact about my grind now who knows
what happened in the future so I just
stayed lost on there and they basically
they basically just put me out and just
put my highlights into the coaches they
got to connect with a lot of coaches
around the nation and you know there's
some good guys one of the guys heart
dies my godfather so I grew I knew him
ever since I was little and Tyrone
Vaughn and crisp Andre brothers and they
basically the ones who helped run this
up man how skilled and eventually just
trained athletes all across well but who
ever want to get trained they just
basically trained them come from out
anywhere as possible and academically
they try to help you out as much as
possible to just you no matter how did
you got something going great and you
know they they've been getting on the
come up later
this summer I just wanna company's just
basically grinding pushing myself to the
next level and just basically when I'm
tired is basically to keep pushing
myself because that's one thing I say I
select that last evening when it came to
I kind of didn't push myself and I feel
like I kind of gave up sometimes when my
teammates on kick off by not running
down full speed so this time I'm just
gonna work on just working harder and
just trying to be the best role model as
I can be for the new freshmen that's
coming in and you're basically just
making sure everybody grinding hard
because everybody's chasing out of there
but I want to be Alabama so we got a
Mississippi working hard and get back to
where we were last year the thinnest
better season I just want to try to give
me a starting spot on on the defense and
basically I'm trying to break the record
and intercession for the inside
linebacker and basically have me at
least by 50 top 50 tacos and get back to
the national championship and win
those crazy like just basically just
going through a whole season with nobody
being there just going through national
temperature game 14 and over it was just
it was crazy because like the third game
when the TV played over miss we was down
twenty eight three I think in the first
quarter and I was like then I thought it
was about to lose so everybody know one
and a half and everybody just a strong
state pause and we just came together
the team and finish strong and we came
up score like 35 unanswered points in
just minutes a game out with a victory
you know times was being cooked
throughout the season well guys were
getting banged up and they was telling
young guys to get ready to get prepared
to play or whatever and you know they
they held us strong and finish the
season strong with the game against
Florida game against Washington so we
got to the national championship and
just being a part of something like that
you know it was a special moment just
for the for the seniors and everything
and I hate it went down like that but
just the video you know it was a
blessing because just walking out on the
field I was just looking around looking
in the stands and like dang I'm at the
national championship my freshman year
so being like that's my first time of
playing to get the Sun walk seeing him
in person it was just overall great
experience and just for us the thought
off from kick-out on for me to run down
the first play and try to make a play it
was it was just fun right I mean even
though we lost I had fun and I enjoyed
it and you know what more can we say
when we try to play it off we played our
best and we lay it all online they were
just a 13th at night so we just
we can swallow that pill and just
basically we can really get prepare for
the next season because who knows maybe
in a national temperature this year so
we just coming for off
sure beyond he was like you know I met
him like when I was in high school 9th
grade you know I played against him when
I was at quarterback at least and he was
playing linebacker cover and I just
always remember the first player and I
was at quarterback
I was headed to snap the ball because I
seen him at middle linebacker and I was
just looking like then so I mean I
snapped the ball ran the ball ran past
and got a first down out like man he got
nothing holding you know they beat us a
beat us of course so but like he just
ever since I transferred from the high
school to Carver he just stayed on when
I can be a brother shooter
he helped me develop my gang to a whole
nother level he showed me how it should
be done and he just pushed me to the
limit where nobody ever did and I thank
him for that to this day because I got
to tell him like I just jumped with him
like he got these doubts coming this
evening like huh
I almost feel the soil whatever so
definitely Mike that was my goal because
I knew for a fact Connor coach was
coming to see him so every game I
brought my eight games and tried to make
plays and after my sophomore season I
had like 10 offers and ever since that
day I just been pushing pushing and just
working hard and they're staying humble
throughout everything and you know him
he just been on he's a great role model
life classroom feel all the feels just
everything you know he's gonna make sure
I'm doing part of the things go he'll
hit me up here at night then the
brothers going out studying your plays
and stuff like that so he just one of
those type of guys you you appreciate a
need in your life and that's why for
roof and he's just grooving just going
always keep it real with you like he may
not may not like do everything right and
he gonna let you know neat person you
feel me so he worked hard though like
he'll work on so if he
like you not working hard he don't get
on he got the right to do that so I mean
everybody respect Ruby because of what
he did for the program and just because
who he offers here a real guy he's gonna
keep it real with everybody
coaches clear no matter him she's gonna
stay the same and as far as like work
ethic like he was wild open every day in
practice so that motivated everybody the
whole linebacker corps to go hard and
like as far as I'm knocking people out
that motivate me to even hit harder like
because people always compare Ruben hit
harder me hit harder like I mean we all
know Ruben it harder but I'm trying to
hit harder than what he hit it in color
so I mean that's one of my goals also
just make plays like he did because
Ruben you know he was a great lie about
the compelling like I ain't never seen a
linebacker like that ever and you know I
just thank him enough for everything
they did for me you know they motivated
me to go hard just like they do in just
untranslated to play ball again
[Music]
Oh times gonna get tough for high school
you know but most of all you got to
think about grades come first
you know because without grades you're
not gonna be able to play no sports no
college not even high school because you
know I mean what Coach one is Duncan
team so you got to make sure you stand
your grade and just that's basically it
Christian you're telling gonna be the
football gonna be the female gonna be
there so that should be all these words
you know as long as you got them great
football is gonna be easy for you
because Greg is going to be at least
where so basically sixth and your books
and just let everything I could go and
just stay off the streets and just
surround yourself with positive people
who trying to do what you doing this and
just basically just know you're wild
like know what you're doing is for and
know what you're trying to get your
parents out the projects anything so
basically just get some that motivate
you into and just chase your dream
[Music]